README.md, before:

sjudge
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/steven-xia/sjudge.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/steven-xia/sjudge)

`sjudge` is a client-side programming judge made for use as a teaching tool.
It is programmed in pure Python and designed to be as simple and robust as possible.

The differences between `sjudge` and the many available online judges is that `sjudge` is designed for small classroom 
use and the simplicity for a teacher to make their modifications if they so desire.

### When (and why) I should use `sjudge`?

`sjudge` is a "programming judge", which means that it is a tool used to test programs to see if they work as expected.
However, contrary to most other judges, `sjudge` is locally run which results in a simpler design.
Along with it also comes with a set of advantages and disadvantages:

Advantages:

  * Simple design for easy configurability.
  * No fear of students trying to undermine your machine.

Disadvantages:

  * Programs' performance is affected by machine usage.
  * Smart students can technically access the test cases.

### Supported Platforms

Operating systems:

  * Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus)
  * Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver)
  * Windows 10

Python versions:

  * Python 3.7.x
  * Python 3.8.x

## Usage

### Installation

`sjudge` depends on the Python packages and versions listed in `requirements.txt`; use the following command to install them:

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## License

`sjudge` is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/steven-xia/sjudge/blob/readme/LICENSE).

Commit message:

📜 Add configuration and usage documentation.

README.md, after:

sjudge
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/steven-xia/sjudge.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/steven-xia/sjudge)

`sjudge` is a client-side programming judge made for use as a teaching tool.
It is programmed in pure Python and designed to be as simple and robust as possible.

The differences between `sjudge` and the many available online judges is that `sjudge` is designed for small classroom 
use and the simplicity for a teacher to make their modifications if they so desire.

### When (and why) I should use `sjudge`?

`sjudge` is a "programming judge", which means that it is a tool used to test programs to see if they work as expected.
However, contrary to most other judges, `sjudge` is locally run which results in a simpler design.
Along with it also comes with a set of advantages and disadvantages:

Advantages:

  * Simple design for easy configurability.
  * No fear of students trying to undermine your machine.

Disadvantages:

  * Programs' performance is affected by machine usage.
  * Smart students can technically access the test cases.

### Supported Platforms

Operating systems:

  * Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus)
  * Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver)
  * Windows 10

Python versions:

  * Python 3.7.x
  * Python 3.8.x

## Setup

### Installation

`sjudge` depends on the Python packages and versions listed in `requirements.txt`; use the following command to install them:

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

### Configuration

`sjudge` needs a public readable directory to store all the exercises. 
Edit `DEFAULT_EXERCISES` in `src/main.py` to point to the full path of that directory.

To have the students run `sjudge`, place it in a directory to which they have read access (usually `/usr/local/sbin/` on linux) and instruct them to add it to their `PATH` (if needed).
If hiding the location of the exercises is desired, you can compile `sjudge` into and executable with `pyinstaller`.

### Adding exercises

`sjudge` comes with a very minimal set of exercises.
To add more, look at the template files located in `exercises/` for guidance:

  - `exercises/_template.txt` is the template of an exercise description.
  - `exercises/_template.py` is the template of a test case generation script.

After the `.txt` (exercise description) and `.py` (test case generation) scripts have been created (both bearing the same name: the name of the new exercise), run the `.py` file to generate the test cases.
The new exercise name should now be listed when you run `python3 main.py --list_exercises`.

## License

`sjudge` is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/steven-xia/sjudge/blob/readme/LICENSE).
